All right.
Hi.
Feige.
Ohh, hello.
Leicht.
Hi.
Everyone.
I think Matt Matthias.
We want to start,
so I don't think we need to wait for
Christian or Ron right now.
No, I agree, I agree.
Yakup.
K.
In.
First of all, maybe the bucket topic.
Collider, we have the bucket by now,
ABM 1060.
Was it?
And.
Is that for the test?
I haven't created,
I haven't created it yet,
A BLM.
That's.
but Boyan told me that there is a
possibility that we don't need the bucket,
Yeah.
and he needs to talk with...
Oh, what was his name?
I'm our Bulgarian officer guy.
That helps with architecture, but...
Mm.
But we need the bucket, definitely.
No.
Is it the vial?
Yahoo.
I guess this is for the for the stream,
right?
Yes.
Yeah, this is those.
Because the thing the thing was that,
like previously with the data stream,
Yeah.
we had this bucket because there there is
like no option for.
For the data stream to to publish
directly to PubSub,
so that's why we we had to to send from
data stream to to the bucket, but now if,
like, we are using stream,
this this bucket might not be necessary.
So, I guess that that's why,
that that's why, like,
Nikki has to talk with,
but I think it's more of a POC,
because I'm pretty sure that stream
should be able to to send directly to.
Two tops up.
Yeah, but just remember guys,
we're only using stream for this testing
phase and maybe 1060.
Like, we're not using stream for Postgres.
Just, just, just, yeah, don't, yeah,
don't make any huge changes on the
Yeah, also.
architecture without thinking about the
whole lot.
Business.
Yeah, this is true.
This is not a change we confirmed.
Stick with the plan.
Yeah.
Yeah, OK.
So we need the bucket name convention
applied to ABN 1060,
all other potential improvements, changes,
et cetera, we need to 1st.
We discussed, and so on.
Yeah, all good, all good. Well, as I said,
we're ready to,
it will not take as long to set it up.
That's the advantage.
I just need to know where we're pointing
it to. It's just easier.
I can't just set up one-half.
It's better to do it all in one go
because then we pull it and then the
stream service thing says, oh yeah,
I can definitely connect.
And then it's, yeah, okay.
It makes it a bit more convoluted to...
I'll do the source connection,
and then I'll do the bucket connection,
yeah.
If you do it all in one go,
it's easier to do so.
Yeah.
Hey, good, so...
Pending, we will provide it ASAP.
Yeah.
Next thing, maybe the most important one,
the secret manager credentials.
We found one on WL5 as I sent you the
mail, 401060.
But you said that's not the one you
created.
So we were checking up to, is it the one?
Is it not the one? Is it ABN?
Correct, so that that that's the that.
Is it another one?
The honest answer to that question is
someone else in P3 is connected all of
those up in workload 5 test for cloud for
log, I'm assuming.
Yeah, it was me, by the way, I was there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, yeah, that's fine.
So, but the user that the O,
the cloud for log utilizes is the QM user.
So that's just a legacy,
it's a legacy user that's only read-only,
I think. It's supposed to be done for,
or that connectivity method was, I think,
and I'm pretty confident on is.
is just for reporting to pull the reports.
So for example, the BI data lake,
they use the QM user, the BI guys there.
So as far as I'm aware,
Yeah.
that user should only has read access
onto the database.
It wouldn't surprise me if someone
somewhere has given it a little bit more.
because that's happened before.
So the objective is for the bridge to
actually connect to the using the BI user,
because then it's clean with knowing what
Sure.
it is, basically. Yeah.
Yeah, so...
I just want to be clear on the process.
You provide credentials to us in a
connection string, including passwords,
and we put it into Secret Manager,
or do you put it there?
Doesn't matter,
it's as long as it's in there, really.
Correct.
I'm easy for...
Yeah, and can we add some post fix?
Identifying what it is, I mean.
Yes,
there's two labels on it that I've put on.
It says it's the user TMSBR 1060 and the
name of it is the TMSBR 1060.
But we could put UDISPO on it as a label.
That's not a problem.
Okay.
Oh,
I think it's fine as long as we all
understand the tagging labeling system.
Nikolay,
can you see that secret manager item?
Because once it's there,
we're literally unblocked, right,
and can connect the TMS bridge to the AVN
1060.
Yeah, but how's the name? What's the name?
The link Matt shared should bring you
there, right?
Aha, TMSBR 1060, is that?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, I can see, I can see it,
I can do the secret value.
Okay.
It's just a password, I think.
Mhm.
Right, Nikolay,
so there's no string in there because I
don't know how you guys or what string
you guys need to call it if you if if at
all you're calling it from.
Uhh...
from the app.
As in secret,
or that you're connecting using the
password? I don't know,
so this did the secrets there, yeah.
So we, okay,
that's a missing piece of information for
you, right?
What content do we want in the Secret
Manager entry?
Yeah,
so what's in there now is the password
that Eric set on Friday for the BR user
that then has access to the database.
So the bridge should be using the BR user
to connect into the bridge.
Yeah.
And it's got write access.
It's sorry,
connecting to the 1060 database on ABN.
Yeah,
because we've what Eric's done is we've
got the scripts now that, so for example,
we know what objects need to be deployed
to make new disk for run.
So the change that we deployed on Friday,
so those all the objects. So for example,
Yeah, yeah.
if you guys come to us and say, right,
we need to roll this out to 1034,
we can just go, right, that is the,
let's say,
script back that then needs to be run on
Oracle.
Mhm.
Cool, great stuff.
Yeah, yeah, so that,
that's what we did on Friday,
and then the password we can set per user,
basically.
Awesome.
Yeah,
I can show you how the secret string
looks. We need the host name and database,
I think.
I will paste in the chat without the
password.
OKOKOK.
Mm.
Well, Nikolay, you...
You should have those details.
You put it into the string and then we
can again take it and then we can make
sure we do it right the next time.
It looks like this, yeah.
That's the QM user. Yeah, yeah, okay.
So you need to follow the same.
Yeah.
Yeah, the same string,
but with different user and password and
Okay.
data source.
Bühren.
I'll add this to be completely
transparent to the document.
We'll need this for any further rollout.
I think it's worth documenting all of
that now.
But I think once we have the exact host
from you,
and we have the password we can actually
connect.
Good.
Okay.
Great.
You also requested the key cloak intra ID.
Diagram or info, right?
I'll add that as well.
I also have been working on, yeah,
just adding more information to the go
live page.
Everything that's been a gap.
Will be filled up.
next one or two days.
Um...
That's really it from our point of view.
Ah, no.
The user for stream.
Is that a discussion topic or is it
something you can solve on your own
because you know what stream needs?
For example, access to reader logs,
table sending, and so on.
Or do we need a discussion?
We can figure that out. No, no,
we can figure that out.
We can figure that out. Yeah.
There's a different config for streams,
Okay.
different config for...
Data stream,
because obviously they should use the
Mhm.
same things. Yeah.
Would you mind sharing that info?
I just want to put it all on that page.
Yeah, we can do, yeah, yeah.
It's because they're connecting to
different,
they're connecting to the same logs,
but weirdly they're doing it a different
way. So, yeah, we can document it, yeah.
All right, that was something pending.
Check.
Just one thing I wanted to check is just
what...
Obviously WL5 has got test,
has got already a new bridge in for test.
So is the plan to connect what is
currently there to ABN 1060?
Yes, I think.
And then...
So, yeah.
Yeah, okay. Then ABN 1034,
which is the Postgres database,
Yeah.
will also remain connected.
Is that correct?
So we will resemble artificial
environments all within the real workload
for TT.
because there is no dev, for example,
we would probably spin up dev containers
there as well.
And we will spin up ABN and UAT mini
environment within the environment,
if that makes sense.
Cool.
No,
I'm just asking because Patrick and Max,
Töppe.
Max by Sam,
are hoping to do a demonstration, I think,
with ABN Postgres.
And that's why I'm asking.
Because if we kill it,
But wait a second, we're mixing up topics.
The one on the 19th of May.
Because that's...
I have no idea, no, it's before anything.
A management meeting is.
No, that's the presentation on the 19th.
Yeah, that's correct.
So this is not on Oracle, right?
This is on 1034.
Okay.
Los Kraszewski.
The presentation.
We would like to use the ABN 1034, yeah.
Correct.
So not the 1060 Oracle.
Good,
but where did we stop regarding
environments?
We will have two full environments within
workload 4 because there's only the test
environment. So we will have two bridges,
sorry, not bridges, back ends.
and everything that's usually in workload
4, and the same on workload 5,
but there it will be distributed, I think,
the same way,
because we also need UAT and AVN
environments there.
But it will all be in the TT.
Projects.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's fine.
What I'm saying is, though, is that,
and correct me if I'm wrong,
but I don't the bridge.
We've got WL4.
Test.
Cloud Run instance which is so that's
running at the moment and that is a test
one. So what I'm suggesting is.
Obviously, we'll connect Oracle 1060.
I'll give you the credentials for that.
Yeah.
And then...
You guys could leave Postgres.
Running and connected to the bridge as it
is in, and then the current,
the current what is built in there would
be then become ABN, basically.
That's what I'm suggesting,
because then you guys don't have to do
anything new for Patrick until we want to
get into UAT,
Mm.
which then then we need a new cloud or
instance that will be in.
W04 test and W05 test.
Wow.
Could be done, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, Nikolay, I think we need a quick...
chat there, what to deploy,
when and where,
for which environment purpose.
Yes, we need to discuss this.
Yeah, because at the, but just at the,
because at the moment we've got data
Good.
stream.
coming out of ABN 1034 on Postgres.
So that's already set up and running.
I know we've had that latency chat,
but that obviously wasn't seen within.
within the clusters. So yeah,
because basically what I don't want
Yeah.
Patrick and Max to do is go to this
meeting and then it not work because
we've missed something from a config
perspective. So it should be working.
We have an issue on the TMS app,
which Ron and Eric have been working and
Thomas have been working on.
But, in reality...
All the new Dispo elements should be up
and running and working from those
databases, as far as I'm aware.
Yeah.
So regarding the presentation,
we are aligned. Max, in this call,
Patrick, are aligned. The team is aligned.
We'll make sure this presentation will
work, right, Max?
I think that's guaranteed.
We just need to.
Prepare the deployments in the...
Mhm.
Yeah.
WL4T.
Well,
let's look up here because there needs to
be another column then.
So there needs to be another Postgres
column in this environment mapping.
That's true.
This is currently missing because it only
Yeah.
looks at the 1060 go live. Correct.
Okay.
It doesn't include any additional
databases connected.
Okay.
I also wonder if it's a good idea to have.
..
non 1060 things in that environment.
If you look at it strictly,
there should be the 1060 stream from dev
to test to unit to props with just 1060.
Connected.
Yeah,
but your everything should work with
multiple databases,
so it's a good place to do it.
I know you wanna...
It is, yeah. But for example,
the highest priority for us is to have an
Ten, yeah, so...
efficient testing process on ABN with Max
and Patrick.
This is where the biggest achievements
are made because we have
The logic knowledge,
domain knowledge from Patrick,
plus the quick iterations on the
technical side.
This is where we make the product great.
and it should not have any interference
from Postgres connectivity things, yeah,
blowing it up and so on. My opinion,
it would be best to keep it slim.
And Oracle only for now.
The purpose of this testing is not to
support and make 100% bulletproof the
dual database support.
It's to go live on Oracle in June.
That's different goals.
So, what were you? Well,
then let me ask the question then: What
I agree.
are we focusing on?
For this management meeting, then.
management meeting.
Because that, yeah.
For the for the management meeting,
we just need a running.
Sorry, continue first.
Test environment.
that is also connected to the new Dispo
app where we can just prepare some cases
to just showcase the system. That's all.
If I have a running 1060,
then I will take the 1060,
but at the moment,
I don't have a running 1060,
so I tried to start the...
1034 via Cameo and that is not available
at the moment for me.
Correct, let me show that.
So, that's the point. What I'm saying is,
that's a well, Patrick,
And I need the environment.
that's a that's a different database,
that's a different technology,
that's a different everything than what
is 1060.
Yeah, but...
Töppe.
I don't care about the technology here.
I just need a running database,
No, I know that.
a running environment,
and the connected new Disco app at the
moment so that we just can prepare for
our presentation on the 19th of May.
But all, all of that,
all of that exists currently with 1034,
That's all.
ABN 1034 in Postgres.
Yes,
but I can't start the application via
Correct.
Cameo.
Correct, correct,
but he's working on the new discboard
side, is that correct? We tested that.
That's correct.
Okay, so we,
and what do you need for a useful test
then?
Do you need to go into the app or can we
turn on some duplicate orders for a
period of time?
And then they get sucked up with data
stream.
It would be the best case if I can access
also the TMS via Cameo.
Okay, Ron,
where did you guys get to in the last
call?
Figuring out where it's stuck.
You figured it out. OK,
so we should get an implementation.
No, figuring it out. There's not, not,
not, yeah, let's, we're still on it.
I'll figure it out. OK.
OK, fine. OK, OK, OK, OK.
So we should be able to get you solved,
Patrick. The ABN 1034 is working.
That is not, but I think we can get there.
My today is not that long anymore,
I think.
I know that one, but we should.
So basically, no, not today,
but because I have some other task that I
Okay.
need to do today.
Okay.
Tomorrow, Ron.
I will, uh, will try to do it, yeah.
Yeah, okay, okay.
At the moment,
we are a little bit confused by why it's
not working. Technically, it should work,
but there's something.
Missing.
That we need to identify.
And have we tried going greenfield with
it and just creating another app,
a new app with it?
That has nothing to do with the new app.
That's just totally not because this in
the network layer,
there's something something mysteriously
happening there.
OK, but we could, but Patrick.
Beck said, go to Nevada, and basically...
Yeah, yeah, Patrick.
You've still got access to your VDI,
haven't you?
Yakup.
I have, yeah.
Yeah, so we can give that,
so that's on the CALPATCHCO network,
so that's up and working, is that correct?
But then, Max needs also access to the VM.
OK, OK, and OK.
Let me speak to Basti because there is an
ABN 1034 that is hosted in Nuremberg that
you guys should be able to access.
It just won't be quick.
That's the problem because you'll be
connecting into Postgres depending on
what you're trying to do.
solve this problem. Okay,
there's a couple of options.
Ron can work on the getting it fixed and
I'll ask Basty if 1034 is working and get
the URL for you to access via the VDI.
But then, Matthias,
just on your point of what we need,
where if you guys...
If we're not going to connect Postgres to
this, what's currently in place,
then we're going to need some new
infrastructure before the 19th.
Yeah, I guess that's exactly the point.
Yeah,
we're going to need a new workload 4.
Come separate things.
Yeah, workload 5. It's complete.
If you're going to keep it separate.
Personally,
I don't think you should do that.
And I think the decision needs to be made
higher up because realistically,
we should be testing multiple connections.
I understand the objective is 1060,
but if we've got a problem that we can't
roll this thing out because it can only
handle multiple connections,
We're better off to find that earlier
than later.
But I'll let you guys make that decision.
Yakup.
May I ask a question?
Why are we doing to multiple workloads
True.
and basically your resources you can also
do multiple times in the same workload?
That's correct, Ron,
that's what's gonna happen.
Good.
That is correct.
The cloud instances will be there,
Yeah.
they don't exist today.
if they want to separate them out.
We literally have two rows here,
basically. Within test,
If...
we'll have the Oracle 1060 backend.
In this put backend,
Mhm.
we'll have team as bridge in workload 5
and the same set of components again.
or 1034 Postgres, both in the test.
Mm.
projects of the workloads.
Yeah.
So, basically,
a stack per Oracle type or by database
And then, and don't get me wrong, Matt,
we are aware of that.
type.
But Oracle,
New Disco has never seen Oracle,
and we are four weeks away from a release.
That's risk alone.
I don't need another risk.
Mhm.
Yeah.
I know, I know, I know.
Or A curveball of a management meeting
that needs to have data and it needs to
So, let's...
have all these things. Yeah, yeah,
I get it. I get it. But
Blah.
Because we're going to connect another AB,
another Oracle to it at some point.
But.
To which one?
I don't know, whatever, again,
I don't know what the plan is here,
but I'm assuming we're going to try and
connect another Oracle at some point to
Okay.
the bridge to read it.
Yakup.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
All right, so maybe something worth.
To make transparent, first of all,
to Christian.
and be early on the expectation
management.
rather than running into some
disappointment.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yakup.
So,
everything I had in mind was discussed.
Okay.
Another topic I've got is access.
So we've got a list of the VDIs, but...
Uh-huh.
Mhm.
I'll be honest,
and Ron will second this because Ron's
the one that's getting the heat from it,
is we've had about probably six different
requests from six different people from
P3 requesting access for GCP without
really explaining what or what they need.
So there's cloud for logging here as well.
Let me just be honest on this. So
Yeah.
We could do with if someone can pull us a
list of everyone that needs access to GCP
and then Ron and I can work through on.
At least what they need to get set up,
basically.
And additionally,
what roles they are going to play in,
because that's...
Yeah.
It's one of the major things that's now,
yeah, mystified.
What kind of roles do they have?
Do you have? Basically,
Yeah.
is there a set of roles we...
can tell you or is it just basically what
kind of access we need?
Basically, what, what, yeah, yeah,
what access they need,
The latter.
and then following the principle,
least privileges and not taking the world.
Yeah.
Probably also different for Cloud for
Lock folks versus Municipal folks.
I agree, and this is the problem.
So it's just we're getting a mismatch of
different people that say I need access
to GCP, and this is like, unfortunately,
the bridge is obviously utilized in Cloud
for Log. So they'll need access to that,
but not necessarily.
So it'd be good to know what projects
Mm.
they're on. Again,
I don't know if it's all good.
It seems to be coming through like six
different ways. Like we've had
developers literally reach out to us
directly saying, I need access to this.
Mm.
And the first question she asks is, okay,
yeah, yeah,
That's not good, yeah.
who are these people and why are they
reaching out to us? So if we...
So, can you do me a favor or ask a favor?
Just post this back to Max, for example.
Yeah.
Or Martin, and we will consolidate.
You shouldn't have to do this.
Yeah, maybe just make it really easy,
that's all.
No.
Yeah.
then we can get it actioned.
Because some stuff we can give it where
Yeah.
we can give them access to GCP directly
and they won't need a VDI.
But for example, access to databases,
they will need a VDI. So it's just, yeah,
trying to figure that bit out.
It needs, it needs consolidation,
consolidation on our side first, honestly.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mm.
One 100%.
Yeah.
Yeah, would be great.
Makes life easier for everybody,
Yeah.
but now is a kind of...
Yeah, of course,
like it's the other way around as well.
Like we want to have consolidated
information. So that's fine.
Mm.
Yeah.
Yeah, perfect. OK, good. And Max, just,
yeah, we don't have any specific roles,
so it's just the GCP only would be
helpful if it, and if it's cloud for log,
is it WL4 or WL5? It's probably 5,
but just with you,
what you guys know today on the
infrastructure side is from our GCP
perspective is just say this is what we
need and it will go from there.
Yeah.
If you can give us the scopes that they
want, even better in GCP.
Mm.
Yakup.
Mm.
Uhh...
Good,
so question for me is this meeting here,
is this weekly one?
Because the title is wrong,
we can make it a go-live meeting, I think.
I think it's also very good.
We need it at least once a week.
Uh, public,
do you take care of that recurring?
Yeah,
then I will set up a weekly until the
middle of June.
Yeah, if we run out of topics,
that jokes are always on the shelf.
So, we will fill up the slot.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
No one is laughing.
I take a note regarding that.
For myself.
Mm.
Yes.
Now they coming.
Okay,
are we done or do we have other topics?
I think I've got the connectivity IP
address for the secret,
so they give me 10 minutes for that,
just for Thomas to confirm it.
Um...
By fact, Eric's Eric,
do you well do you think you could is the
Yeah.
ABN infrastructure in Nuremberg and the
database name?
Is it this?
I think it's.
A PN is in England account.
Correct, yeah.
What's the connection string that we need
the guys to connect with?
Mm.
Should not to.
Because I think it's this.
But I would just want to check before
anyone starts to use it.
I don't think that's the one you know.
That's not in Nuremberg,
what you're now pointing out here.
Okay, fine.
Nope.
Definitely not Nuremberg. Nuremberg is 10,
32, 190.
Okay.
Oh, okay,
I'm gonna write 'em out of that one then.
This is Niederlassungsleiter, yeah.
The.
Yes, if you've got something to say.
Yeah, I have one question. I mean,
I'm not sure if like it's the right place
here, but about this user for 1060,
like new display uses it, sorry,
the bridge,
but also the Cloud for Work project uses
the same, the same connection.
So my question is for the Cloud for Work
scope.
Should we be switching this as well with
this user or we stick to using the old
one?
Because, like...
Honest answer, Joseph,
is I don't know because I can't advise
you of what Cloud Frog need to do.
The QM user is only supposed to read data,
No.
pull it,
but obviously it might be doing something
different. I don't know,
is the honest answer.
Yeah.
There's also, I think,
I honestly think you've got all of the...
and Ron's gonna hate me, hate this,
is we've got all the production.
TMS is in the test environment that you
could connect to by accident. I think,
I think.
We've not got, let's take it this way,
we don't have that many test environments
that you guys have got secrets for in the
WL5 test.
So I'm a little bit worried about that,
but it's not a conversation for now.
So the QM user has only read writes.
Should only have read writes, correct?
Yes, yeah,
unless you're telling me otherwise, as in,
I don't know what Cloud for Log does,
that's I can't advise you,
that's the problem.
Shouldn't that be in the requirements of
getting access that that's clearly stated
that what kind of users the accounts you
have there?
Ron, you again,
this is users for the database,
not people, not people.
This is users for the database, yeah.
Yeah, okay.
No.
If you are, yes, you correct,
we do need to for people to what users
what they need to do,
but the QM user that is connected to with
Right.
Cloud for Log should be a read-only one,
but I don't know.
So, that that should be fine.
I think, uh...
Yeah.
What?
I think this one was the one for the
Nuremberg environment.
Nice. Thanks, Eric. Okay.
Yeah.
Okay, Nikolay,
look at the string now because I've got
that now.
And.
And we can try getting the bridge
connected.
I think that will work.
Eric,
do we want to utilize the DNS instead of
the IP address? That would be better.
If that's possible, then it's CL0025.
Thank you.
All right, I will be jumping as well.
See you guys later and have a great rest
of the day. Bye.
Okay.
Yes.
Töppe.
Hold on.
Okay, so how's the what's the host name?
Tell 0025 dot something.
Matt.
Uh, forward slash.
Um...
Ohh.
So, sorry, let me, let me, I'm sorry,
I'm creating the full string now, Nikolay,
OK, just.
so just this is what it is. Yeah, yeah,
sorry, just a little bit ahead of me.
Poppe.
It should be that is what Eric, I imagine,
is going to write in a minute.
Yakup.
Yep.
Is that address resolvable from?
Should be, yes, yes.
From the Google, Google calls.
Yeah, correct.
Okay. Okay.
But it's doing it for the it's doing it
for the QM user, so it should do it for...
Ahh.
Okay.
I will write this down.
Uh...
The challenge I've got is I cannot,
I don't think I can go in and edit the
secret, the actual value of the secret,
so I might have to create another one for
you.
No, no, we will do this.
We need to discuss first,
Okay.
the first with Joseph and Bühren from the
new dispute, so...
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
Just to say that tomorrow in Bulgaria is
a national holiday,
so we won't be available.
Okay.
Okay, so anything else?
No, I think.
Yes.
If you could try that, Nikolay,
and then get if you could confirm that
Okay.
the bridge is up and connecting,
because I'm also acutely aware that no
one's.
Because we haven't connected it,
it doesn't,
we don't know if it's going to work or
not down to Oracle.
So if we can get that done today,
like now,
then at least then we can see if the app
is opening via the bridge onto Oracle,
because that's the biggest unknown right
now. Yeah.
Okay.
Yes, Joseph,
is it okay to edit the connection string?
For 10, for 10:16.
I think so, yeah.
Okay, so just a second.
Ohh.
Because it all make us sleep a little bit
easier tonight if you know that's working.
Because again,
you've got to think all of these packages
are all newly converted.
I know they should work.
The English saying is proof,
proof will being the pudding.
Yeah.
Actually, Nikki, can you, I think,
let's do this after the meeting. I mean,
we really need that discussion.
Okay, okay.
To be honest.
Let's let's follow up on that.
The thing is that that, yeah, like.
We need to be careful with the two
applications,
Thank you.
Yeah.
pretty much what for working new dispo
using these users just to make sure that
Yeah.
we do everything right then.
We don't end up using the wrong user,
because, for example,
if Cloud for Work stops working,
keep you with some data.
Yos, if you're in test day,
you're in test, you shouldn't,
Ohh.
you shouldn't.
Shouldn't be.
I am worried that you've got QM users
that are connected to prod in test.
That is a big problem.
There shouldn't be any nervousness here,
really.
It's I think it's a bit more complicated
for the code for all project, because,
like,
the test test environment there is pretty
much being used as a UAT,
but let's just let us just follow up with
that.
Okay.
Kroll.
But the, but the, but Eric.
Yakup.
Can you just go to a production instance
of 1060 and just check what permissions a
QM user has got?
Then we can do that.
If you could just let me know,
and then we can go from there.
Patrick, last question.
Yeah.
What data do you need for this test on
the 19th or whenever it is?
Only test data. There's no need for any.
Yeah, yeah, I know that, I know that,
I know that, but are you...
A.
It.
production like data or what do you mean?
So, you, as I was saying,
you guys are going to create the data
yourselves in the test environments.
You're not,
you don't want to feed or anything or
anything else like that.
Yeah, that would be...
That would be OK, but that's the.
That's the reason why I need access to
the ABN, so to the TMS.
10:34, yeah, yeah.
Where I can create the orders, you know?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But you won't be demonstrating that on
the 19th, will you?
You'll already have the data in a new
dispo to demonstrate.
We want to prepare it a week before, yeah,
before the date.
Before, fine. Okay.
So what I'm going to do,
so right in the early stages of,
while Ron's solving the Cameo topic,
right in the early stages of Project G,
we have a ABN environment 1034 that's
hosted in Nuremberg that connects up to
Postgres. So it is slower.
Mhm.
than the Cameo version, but it will work,
should work.
So you should be able to create the data
that you need.
So I'll go and I need to speak to Basti
just to get the correct URL for you.
Okay.
But that will give you access to the ABN
1034 application that is hosted.
In Nuremberg, but connects up to Postgres,
so that that should meet what you need to
Okay, and...
do.
And this one I will access via the VM or..
.
Yeah, yeah, exactly, yes, yes. Yeah, yeah,
yeah. It's not perfect. It's, again,
Okay, yeah, all right.
it's the reason why we did the
application hosting is because of the
performance of the connectivity between,
it's the speed of the queries coming back
down and forth, basically. Yeah,
so let me.
Yep.
I'll ask Pascal that now and see if I can
get an answer.
Okay.
More, Yakup, OK.
Okay.
Eric,
for what you sent me is just to select
user, is that correct?
That's what they need.
Yeah, okay.
So, you, you're safe?
Yakup.
When, when,
when new dispo writes back to the
database.
What is it? What user is it using?
Because the design is for it to use TMS
VR. Is that correct?
Well,
it's it uses the same user for reading
and for writing.
Yes.
Correct, what's the user? Yeah, what?
Yeah, yeah, it's the TMSBR.
Yeah, yeah, okay, good, okay, good, good,
just because...
People.
On the the QM user,
and what Eric just sent me,
it only has select,
it only has select privileges,
like I thought.
On the production instances, so...
Whatever you guys are doing in new dispo,
if you can't use that secret for new,
so you can't use the QM user for new
dispo. That's what I'm saying. Yeah.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, okay,
so we need to discuss this with the new
Yep.
dispute guys and with Cloud for Work, so..
.
Yeah, OK.
So that,
that's a blocker on your side then,
just on,
so you need to figure that one out. OK,
Yeah.
yeah, yeah, OK, good.
And then we'll keep you posted on stream
and the other things that we're doing yet.
If you'd let me know the bucket of what
you guys want to use, that'd be good.
Okay.
Mhm, Okay.
Jens, thank you. Ciao, ciao.
Thank you, guys. Bye.
No, I am.
But.
Thank you. Bye.